Config:
addfilter - Adds a word to the guild filter.
blacklist - Adds a user to the server or global blacklist
channeltoggle - Enables or disables a command or group for a channel
createcommand - Create a custom command for your server.
deletecommand - Deletes a custom command from your server.
disable - Disables a command or group for a server
enable - Enables a command or group for a server
prefix - Updates the command prefix for the guild.
profilehelp - Details on how to set up a custom smash profile.
removefilter - Removes a word from the guild filter.
slowconfig - Sets the slowmode settings for the server.
toggleads - Enables or disables the filtering of discord links.
togglefilter - Enables or disables the filter.
toggleslow - Enables or disables slowmode
whitelist - Removes a user from the server or global blacklist

Economy:
balance - Check your or another user's balance.
bank - Check the bank's balance.
daily - Receive your daily Angery Cats.
deposit - Deposit some of your money into the bank.
leaderboard - Check the global leaderboard of networth.
register - Set up a bank account to participate in the economy system.
transfer - Give some of your money to another user.
withdraw - Withdraw some of your money from the bank.

Flairconfig:
addflair - Adds roles to the list of self-assignable roles.
addjoinflair - Adds a role to the list of roles automatically assigned on join.
addreactflair - Adds an emoji and a role to the list of self-assignable roles by reactions.
reactflairchannel - Sets the channel for automatic role assignment by reactions
reactflairhelp - Details on how to set up self-assignable roles by reactions.
removeflair - Removes a role from the list of self-assignable roles.
removejoinflair - Removes a role from the list of roles automatically assigned on join.
removereactflair - Removes an emoji and its role from the list of self-assignable roles by reactions.
rolestate - Enables or disables rolestate.
togglejoinflair - Enables or disables roles automatically assigned on join.
togglereactflair - Enables or disables roles automatically assigned via reactions.

Fun:
8ball - Ask a question and receive a random response.
bird - Outputs a random bird.
cat - Receive a random cat picture.
catfact - Receive a random cat fact.
coin - Flip a coin!
ddg - Search using the Duck Duck Go Engine.
dog - Receive a random dog picture.
dogfact - Receive a random dog fact.
giphysearch - Receive a random gifycat.
imgflip - Receive a meme picture.
insult - Outputs a random insult.
john - Receive a random john to excuse yourself from a loss in Smash.
lucario - Receive a random lucario picture.
osu - Get a user's osu! profile.
owl - Receive a random owl picture.
roll - Roll a dice!
search - Search through Google.
shibe - Receive a random shiba inu picture.
urban - Define a word via the Urban Dictionary API.
weather - Get the weather for the specified location.
who - Ask a question and receive a random online user as the answer.
whoisdabess - Outputs a random insult.
ytimage - Search through YouTube images.

Games:
blackjack - Play a game of blackjack for Angery Cats!
gamble - no-risk/no-win simple lottery.
roulette-info - Displays information about the roulette.
roulette - Play a game of roulette for Angery Cats!
russian-roulette - Play a game of russian roulette for Angery Cats!
slot-machine - Let's you play a round with the slot machine

Info:
aliases - Displays info about a user.
avatar - Displays your or another user's avatar!
customcommands - Shows the custom commands for the server.
discrim - Returns a list of usernames that match the provided discriminator.
emoji - Displays info about an emoji.
emotes - Displays a list of emojis for the server.
help - Output help for using floofy.
info - Displays info about a member.
invite - Generates an invite
listroles - Get a list of roles and members n the server.
lsar - Get a list of self-assignable roles for the server.
permissions - Displays the permissions you have!
ping - ping pong!
server - Displays information about the server.
servericon - Displays the server's icon.
stats - Displays information about the bot.
usage - Shows usage for a command.
viewconfig - Displays the set up configuration for the server.

Logconfig:
leavehelp - Details on how to set up leave messages for your server.
logchannel - Sets the channel for server logs.
logfield - Enables or disables a field for logging.
loghelp - Details on how to set up logging for your server.
togglelogs - Enables or disables logs.
togglewelcome - Enables or disables all/welcome/leave messages.
welcomechannel - Sets the channel for public welcome/leave messages.
welcomehelp - Details on how to set up welcome messages for your server.
welcomemessage - Sets the welcome message for private/public welcome/leave messages.

Misc:
addrep - Add a positive reputation point to a user.
chipotle - Finds the top 3 nearest Chipotle Restaurants
customrep - Changes the reputation type.
editrep - Changes a reputation message
im - Gives yourself a role.
removerep - Add a negative reputation point to a user.
removestar - Destroys a star.
showrep - Display the reputation a user has received from other people.
star - Stars a message.
unstar - Unstars a message.

Mod:
ban - Bans a user with a reason.
launch-cybernuke - Bans all members that have joined recently, with new accounts.
fixcases - Re-indexes cases starting from the specified message ID.
history - Provides a history of infractions for the specified user.
kick - Kicks a user with a reason.
mute - Mutes a user for a specified amount of time.
purge - Deletes a number of messages
reason - Updates a case reason.
removerole - Removes a role from a member.
setrole - Gives a role to a member.
softban - Softbans a user with a reason.
unmute - Unmutes a user.
warn - Warns a user with a reason.

Music:
default-volume - Shows or sets the default volume level.
lyrics - Shows lyrics for a song.
max-length - Shows or sets the max song length.
max-songs - Shows or sets the max songs per user.
pause - Pauses the currently playing song.
play - Adds a song to the queue.
queue - Lists the queued songs.
resume - Resumes the currently playing song.
save - Saves the queued songs.
skip - Skips the song that is currently playing.
status - Shows the current status of the music.
stop - Stops the music and wipes the queue.
volume - Changes the volume.

Nsfw:
ass - Outputs a random ass picture. Disabled by default.
boobs - Outputs a random boobs picture. Disabled by default.
catgirl - Outputs a random catgirl picture. Disabled by default.
e621 - Outputs a random e621 picture. Disabled by default.
hypno - Search hypnohub pictures. Disabled by default.
rule34 - Outputs a random Rule 34 picture. Disabled by default.

Quiz:
addanswer - Adds a question and answer to the custom quiz.
addquiz - Adds a question and answer to the custom quiz.
quiz - Asks a random question and expects a correct answer.
removeanswer - Removes an answer from the quiz
removequestion - Removes a question from the quiz
resetquiz - Resets the entire quiz.
togglequiz - Enables or disables the custom quiz.
viewquiz - Displays the entire quiz.

Smash:
matchmakehelp - Help for matchmaking.
pmdata - Provides info about characters from Project M
profile - View a smash profile.
registermatches - Enables or disables matchmaking broadcasts for the guild.
s4data - Returns information about a Smash 4 character.
sgg - Find seeding or something
slmm - Toggles smashladder match notifications for yourself.
slp - View a smashladder profile.
sp - Updates your smash profile.
wiiu - Matchmake with fellow Sm4sh Wii U players across all servers!

Util:
docs - Discord.js docs info.
donate - Brings up a donation link.
mdn - Look up information from the MDN Documentation (Javascript).
remind - Sets a self-reminding timer with a message.